hey youtube Kier twig here bringing you
my updated gust 0 deck profile for july
2012 we'll go ahead and go through the
deck show you what it's made of this is
going to be my deck after hidden arsenal
6 comes out i have cards from the duel
terminal in here that aren't released
yet but they will be by the end of the
month which is why i thought i'd show
you this deck profile because once those
cards come out the deck will be really
good and you kind of need those cards to
run the deck in general in my opinion so
go ahead and get started i run 3 gust 0
gould oh one of my favorite monsters of
the deck his effect is when he is sent
to the graveyard you can special summon
one level 2 or lower gust 0 monster from
your deck that's the great thing about
gust 0 monsters they have great
recycling power I also run 3 winda
priestess of Augusta when this card is
destroyed by battle by your opponent's
monster you can special summon one gust
0 tuner from your deck so you can get
out gould oh pretty much or you can even
get out Gus tawag all I run 3 of him as
well with him when he is destroyed by
battle and sent to the Graveyard you
could special summon one level for lower
non-tuner gust 0 monster from your deck
so you can pretty much get out window
you cannot get out gould oh but like i
said all their effects coerce with each
other so it makes it pretty easy to stay
alive on the field the new card i run i
run to kamui hopes of gusto this car
will be out in the new hidden arsenal
for you guys but it was released in the
duel terminal early here her effect is
when she is flip summoned or flipped
face-up you could special summon one
gust 0 tuner from your deck I run two of
her she's a non-tuner also so it makes
for an easy level 5 synchro let's say if
I got gold on my hand with her effect
not hand field I also run to cam
serenity of gusto she helps you recycle
your Gusto's from the graveyard with her
fret effect pretty much you can return
to gust 0 monsters from your graveyard
to the deck to draw one card I like her
fact plus she has 1700 attack points one
of your stronger Gusto's I also run to
thumb bolts this effect pretty much if
it's destroyed by battle after the
battle phase you can remove from play
gust 0 from your graveyard to special
summon one gust 0 for your deck 1
psychic type monster from your deck with
1500 or less defense and also has to be
a wind monster i run two of that and
usually you'll get out rhys i run two of
her with soon bolts affect her effect is
one of my favorites of the deck
basically you send one card from your
hand to the bottom of your deck and you
can switch control one gust 0 monster
you control and one monster your
opponent controls and the best part is
you get to choose so you can take some
of the really powerful things like
utopia or zenmaines that's it for the
Gusto's i run one psychic jumper pretty
much like ruiz run one of him carbons
just for the level 2 tuner and one
serene psychic witch it's pretty much
like a thumb bolt when it's sent to the
Graveyard though doesn't have to be
battle remove from play one psychic
monster with 2,000 or less attack and
special summon it during the next
standby phase that's it for the monsters
will move on to spells I run to
emergency teleports off the ban list in
march two thousand twelve really good
card special summon one level three
lower psychic type monster from your
hand or deck and during the end phase
remove it from play but you're pretty
much going to use it for let's say a
synchro summon right then in there i
also run to miracle synchro fusions you
get a lot of psychic type synchros out
with this deck so it makes it really
easy to some an ultimate axon kicker so
i use two of those and you can also set
them facedown and if your opponent were
to say MST one of them you get to draw a
card so it's a little bonus right there
also on one pot of avarice because this
deck gets a lot of monsters in the
graveyard you need to recycle one dark
hole one monster reborn to mystical
Space typhoon and one heavy storm will
move on to traps I run two dimensional
prisons pretty standard when your
opponent's monster attacks remove it
from play I also run to bottomless just
for a little more defense I also run one
compulsion case the monster let's say
can't be destroyed and you need to get
around it one mere force one dark ride
man I also run solemn judgement and too
solemn warnings and that's pretty much
it for the main deck we'll move on to
the Extra Deck I run one of each Gustav
synchro gustl Gould oh
she works with destroying face-up
monsters your opponent controls die
gusto God's works with destroying set
monsters die gusto fries is one of my
favorite moms synchro monsters in the
deck I get games with her sometimes
because she cannot be destroyed by
battle and every gust 0 monster that
battles your opponent takes the Battle
Damage so I can get let's say the weaker
gust 0 monsters like Gould 0 or it galls
to attack and after they attack your
opponent takes the damage you send them
back to the deck I'm not to the deck to
the graveyard and you can get their
effects so that works really well your
opponent never sees it coming and I also
run one died gusto Falco's just to have
a level 4 synchro in case I need to get
into it and its effect gives all
monsters all gusto monsters on the field
at the time 600 attack it's pretty good
there also on one magical Android just
for a little more psychic support a
catastor Brianna Black Rose life
transfer for more psychic support I also
run one thought ruler a really good card
in the deck miss warm hyper psychic
blaster and for the exceeds I run one
gotcha just for a little more defense I
can exceed some in the wind as if I have
to into it I also run a utopia like I
said just a little more defense and to
use with the miracle synchro fusions I
run one ultimate axon kicker really gets
me out of tight positions this car and
got to love it um so yeah that's pretty
much it for the deck I hope you guys
liked it please like and subscribe and
care twig out